Implement the ability to show routes based on style provided in `RoutesPresentationStyle`. (#3556)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed the crash when scrolling the guidance cards while the orientaion changes. ([#3544](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3544))

### Route overlay

> * Added the `RoutesPresentationStyle` enumeration, which allows to control routes presentation style while calling `NavigationMapView.showcase(_:routesPresentationStyle:animated:)`. ([#3556](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3556))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Renamed the `NavigationMapView.showcase(_:animated:)` method to `NavigationMapView.showcase(_:routesPresentationStyle:animated:)`, with an optional parameter to control whether the camera fits to unselected routes in addition to the selected route. ([#3556](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3556))
```
